Use the default `datepickerFormat` value if the option hasn't been set yet when setting up datepicker from specific format (#1302)
moderntribe/tribe-common: readme.txt

* Tweak - Add theme compatibility for the tribe dialog [ETP-156]
* Fix - JavaScript error in tribe dialog when there are no dialogs. Change fallback from object to array. [TCMN-34]
* Fix - Fix display of Dialogs in Safari 12 mobile. [ETP-155]
* Fix - Bring back the dialog icons. [ETP-155]

> * Fix - Use the default `datepickerFormat` value if the option hasn't been set yet when saving tickets. [ET-727]

Author: ```suggestion
* Fix - Use the default `datepickerFormat` value if the option hasn't been set yet when setting up datepicker from specific format. [ET-727]
```
